Restructure documentation around guides (#107)
Qiskit/qiskit-fermions: docs/guides/index.rst

######
Guides
######

> This page summarizes the available getting-started as well as explanatory guides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page summarizes the guides
```

> available in addition to the extensive API documentation of this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are available in addition to the extensive API documentation of this package.
```

> All guides are written to focus on specific pieces to be composed in larger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All guides are written to focus on specific pieces that are part of larger
```

workflows. Examples of such end-to-end workflows can be found in the tutorials
hosted on the `IBM Quantum Platform

> <https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/en/tutorials>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://quantum.cloud.ibm.com/docs/tutorials>`_.
```

Author: Nice catch!

.. note::

>    As a general rule, these guides may refer to specific Python modules when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These guides might refer to specific Python modules when
```

Reviewer: "may" can be translated as "might" or "can", so we try to choose one of those to avoid mistranslation.

   explaining core concepts. In general, the C API provides matching

>    functionality although it is not structured into modules, the function names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   functionality, although it is not structured into modules.  However, the function names
```

>    will correspond naturally and should be easy to navigate.

Author: ```suggestion
   These guides may refer to specific Python modules when
   explaining core concepts. In general, however, the C API provides matching
   functionality although it is not structured into modules, the function names
   will correspond naturally and should be easy to navigate.
```

> Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting started
```

Reviewer: We use "sentence style" titles.
